Help for FACILITY:

The FACILITY command displays and manipulates facility
definitions.

A facility is roughly a related group of gateways, defined
by a host prefix. Any new client connecting is checked
against the list of facilities, and various actions may be
taken based on this.

Each facility has some or all of the following information
defined:

 - The hostname prefix
 - Whether this facility is currently blocked
 - The message to send to clients blocked by this facility.
 - A throttle limit. This is of the form x,y and translates
   rougly to y clients per x*y seconds.
 - The message to send to clients denied because of this
   facility's throttle.
 - The cloaking scheme applied to matching clients.
 - A blacklist of regular expressions. If any of these match
   a client that matches this facility, it will be denied.

Facilities are checked in order from least specific to most
specific. If any facility is blocked, the client is killed,
with the exception that a negative block value can override
a positive one from a more general facility. If the client
is determined to be blocked, the most specific configured
block message is used.

The throttle settings for every matching facility are
checked and updated, even if the client is blocked. If the
client is denied due to throttling, the most specific
configured throttle message is used.

For every matching facility, the client is checked against
that facility's blacklist. If any of those regular
expressions matches, then the client is denied, and the most
specific block message so far encountered is used.

If the client is allowed to connect, then the cloaking
setting is used to determine whether to modify the client's
visible host name. Again the most specific defined value
is used. Possible values are:

 - none. Leave the client's host alone.
 - random. A 'session' marker in the client's host is
   replaced by a random text string.
 - hexip. The user's ident is treated as a hex-encoded IP
   address, as used by several web gateways. A 'session'
   marker in the user's host is replaced by 
   'ip.<decoded ip>'. If the ident cannot be decoded this
   way, it falls back to the random method.

If no matching facility has a defined cloaking method, then
the default is none.

Valid subcommands are: FACILITY <LIST|ADD|DEL|SET|ADDBL|RMBL|SHOW>
